Justin Kwan
CS 210

1. Hours to complete the project: 29 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Deque): I approached this problem by looking at the slides
	and looked specifically at linked list data structure. I also 
	watched the video Swami provided to get a further understanding
	I followed the part of the slides where you removed elements from
	linked list and adding elements in the linked list. They only showed
	it for the front but I just applied to to the opposite direction 
	to do the other end.
		
	Issues:
		My only issue with this problem was when I was not checking
	if the first and last were null when I added and removed things.
	I solved this issue by checking for nulls in these cases.

   Problem 2 (Random Queue): I approached this problem by looking at the 
	basic data structures slides. Particularly I looked at the slide
	with Queue’s using a resizing array. I chose this because the 
	problem dealt with a Queue that used a resizing array. I followed
	the slides carefully and it provided to be very useful.
	
	Issues:
		My only issue with this problem was that when I shuffled
	I would shuffle all the null spaces in the array so I would get
	a NullPointerException. I solved this issue by shuffling by amount
	of items currently inside the Array and not any of the nulls.

   Problem 3 (Subset): This problem I used the previous problem by using
	a random queue. I added the input strings into this queue then just
dequeued only K amounts based off the input. Then printed the results out.
   
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Kyler           SI Instructor   Clarified Exceptions and Issues
   
   Anwesh Joshi    Classmate       Clarified and Vague Ideas and Details

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

I think the assignment was not the hardest, but figuring out the null pointers
had taken some time to solve since I didn’t not know what the issue was. The
slides provided a lot of the information needed to finish the project.
